Add Vehicle POST/PATCH endpoint documentation (#8)
easy2use/gearbox-api-docs: endpoints/vehicles.md

# Vehicles

- [Create vehicles](#create-vehicles)
- [Update a vehicle](#update-a-vehicle)
- [Create vehicle documents](#create-vehicle-documents)

## Create vehicles

`POST /public/v1/vehicles` creates a new vehicle with the provided information.

Please note:

> - Content-Type header `Content-Type: application/json` is required when POSTing / PATCHing vehicles into Gearbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Content-Type header `Content-Type: application/json` is required when POSTing vehicles into Gearbox.
```

Method: POST
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN

{
  fleet_number: "",           // string, required, maximum length 12 characters, must be unique
  service_group: "",          // string, required, must match existing Service Group
  registration: "",           // string, optional, maximum length 12 characters
  registration_due_date: "",  // date, optional, format 'yyyy-mm-dd'
  unregistered: "",           // boolean, optional, defaults to false
  group: "",                  // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Group
  subgroup: "",               // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Group
  type: "",                   // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Type
  make: "",                   // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Make
  model: "",                  // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  configuration: "",          // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Configuration
  vin: "",                    // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  build_date: "",             // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters

>   spare01: "",                // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters - request may include spare01 through to spare18

Reviewer: Should we list all spare fields just in case this comment is missed? Same applies for the spare attributes listed in the update request.

Author: Yeah that might be a good idea to be honest, considering it's the official documentation

  powered: "",                // boolean, optional, defaults to false
  engine_number: "",          // string, optional, maximum length 20 characters
  engine_make: "",            // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  engine_model: "",           // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  engine_capacity: "",        // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  gearbox: "",                // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  sold: "",                   // boolean, optional, defaults to false

>   contractor: "",             // string, optional, must match existing Contractor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contractor: ""              // string, optional, must match existing Contractor
```

}
```

### Response status codes:

- 201: Created
- 400: Bad Request
- 401: Unauthorised
- 403: Forbidden
- 413: Request Entity Too Large
- 415: Unsupported media type
- 422: Unprocessable Entity

### 201 - Successful response

```JSON
{
  "id": 123,
  "fleet_number": "ABC123"
}
```

###### Example

```
curl --location --request POST http://api.gearbox.com.au/public/v1/vehicles \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN" \
--data '{
      "fleet_number":"ABC123",
      "service_group":"Trucks",
      "registration":"123ABC",
      "registration_due_date":"2023-5-24",
      "unregistered":false,
      "vin":"1A2B3C4D5E6F",
      "build_date":"2018",
      "spare01":"1234",
      "spare02":"5678",
      "vehicle_group":"Adelaide"
    }' 
```

## Update a vehicle

`PATCH /public/v1/vehicles/:id` updates the vehicle with the provided `:id`.

Please note:

> - Content-Type header `Content-Type: application/json` is required when POSTing / PATCHing vehicles into Gearbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Content-Type header `Content-Type: application/json` is required when PATCHing vehicles in Gearbox.
```

Author: I feel like "into Gearbox" makes more sense - and properly reflects the other documentation files (service.md etc). Let me know if you still prefer it to be "in Gearbox".

- Snake case object keys are required.

### Request

```

> URL: https://api.gearbox.com.au/public/v1/vehicles

Reviewer: We should probably include a dummy id in this example

```suggestion
URL: https://api.gearbox.com.au/public/v1/vehicles/1
```

Method: PATCH
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN

{
  fleet_number: "",           // string, required, maximum length 12 characters, must be unique

>   service_group: "",          // string, required, must match existing Service Group

Reviewer: These attributes should be optional for the update request

  type: "",                   // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Type
  make: "",                   // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Make
  model: "",                  // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  configuration: "",          // string, optional, must match existing Vehicle Configuration
  vin: "",                    // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  build_date: "",             // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  spare01: "",                // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters - request may include spare01 through to spare18
  powered: "",                // boolean, optional, defaults to false
  engine_number: "",          // string, optional, maximum length 20 characters
  engine_make: "",            // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  engine_model: "",           // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  engine_capacity: "",        // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  gearbox: "",                // string, optional, maximum length 50 characters
  sold: "",                   // boolean, optional, defaults to false

>   contractor: "",             // string, optional, must match existing Contractor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  contractor: ""              // string, optional, must match existing Contractor
```

}
```

### Response status codes:

> - 201: Created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 200: Ok
```
